README.md, before:


# Zetsy

This challenge asks you to build the Zetsy site page writing your own HTML & CSS from scratch to match the mockup image and/or the live site example.

## Steps

1. Fork this repository.
2. Clone your fork locally.
3. cd in the local repo you just cloned.
4. Open the MOCKUP.jpg image and take a look at it.
5. Use the text and suggested images listed in SOURCE.md to fill in the content for index.html.
6. Then use css/style.css to write the CSS code neccesary to make your your site page look like the example shown in MOCKUP.jpg. You can eye-drop colors using [Digital Color Meter App](http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/apple-in-the-enterprise/discover-the-digitalcolor-meter-tool-on-your-mac/#) built in OsX. If you get stuck you can use the Developer Tools to inspect the code at the live site example here: [Zetsy live page example](http://learn-co-curriculum.github.io/fe-zetsy/)
7. BONUS: Add CSS transitions to the on mouse hover events see: [http://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/t/transition/](http://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/t/transition/)

## Resources

 * [Zetsy live page example](http://learn-co-curriculum.github.io/fe-zetsy/)
 * [Bonus: CSS3 Transitions](http://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/t/transition/)
 * [Dev Tools Tutorial](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/chrome-dev-tools-markup-and-style--net-27149)
 * [Digital Color Meter Tutorial](http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/apple-in-the-enterprise/discover-the-digitalcolor-meter-tool-on-your-mac/#)

<p data-visibility='hidden'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/fe-zetsy' title='Zetsy'>Zetsy</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>

Commit message:

correct spelling of word necessary

README.md, after:


# Zetsy

This challenge asks you to build the Zetsy site page writing your own HTML & CSS from scratch to match the mockup image and/or the live site example.

## Steps

1. Fork this repository.
2. Clone your fork locally.
3. cd in the local repo you just cloned.
4. Open the MOCKUP.jpg image and take a look at it.
5. Use the text and suggested images listed in SOURCE.md to fill in the content for index.html.
6. Then use css/style.css to write the CSS code necessary to make your your site page look like the example shown in MOCKUP.jpg. You can eye-drop colors using [Digital Color Meter App](http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/apple-in-the-enterprise/discover-the-digitalcolor-meter-tool-on-your-mac/#) built in OsX. If you get stuck you can use the Developer Tools to inspect the code at the live site example here: [Zetsy live page example](http://learn-co-curriculum.github.io/fe-zetsy/)
7. BONUS: Add CSS transitions to the on mouse hover events see: [http://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/t/transition/](http://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/t/transition/)

## Resources

 * [Zetsy live page example](http://learn-co-curriculum.github.io/fe-zetsy/)
 * [Bonus: CSS3 Transitions](http://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/t/transition/)
 * [Dev Tools Tutorial](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/chrome-dev-tools-markup-and-style--net-27149)
 * [Digital Color Meter Tutorial](http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/apple-in-the-enterprise/discover-the-digitalcolor-meter-tool-on-your-mac/#)

<p data-visibility='hidden'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/fe-zetsy' title='Zetsy'>Zetsy</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>

<p class='util--hide'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/fe-zetsy'>Zetsy</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>
